# Diplomatic Immunity


* https://elderscrolls.fandom.com/wiki/Diplomatic_Immunity



Diplomatic Immunity – MQ201
ID	Journal Entry
30	
Objective 5: Meet Delphine in Riverwood
40	It seems that things are worse than even Delphine thought. Dragons aren't just coming back to life, they're being resurrected by other dragons. Delphine suspects that the Thalmor might be bringing dragons back for some sinister purpose. She's going to help me infiltrate the Thalmor ambassador's manor and find out what they know about the dragons. I should meet with her contact, Malborn, in the Winking Skeever Inn in Solitude.
Objective 10: Meet Malborn in Solitude
50	
Objective 20: Give Malborn the equipment
70	
Objective 30: Meet Delphine at the stables
100	It seems that things are worse than even Delphine thought. Dragons aren't just coming back to life, they're being resurrected by other dragons. Delphine suspects that the Thalmor might be bringing dragons back for some sinister purpose. I met with her contact, Malborn, who is going to smuggle some of my equipment into the Thalmor ambassador's manor. I'm going to infiltrate the manor posing as a guest at the ambassador's party. Once inside, I need to meet up with Malborn and figure out a way to slip away from the party without being caught.
Objective 40: Talk to Malborn
110	
Objective 50: Create a distraction and get away from the party
140	It seems that things are worse than even Delphine thought. Dragons aren't just coming back to life, they're being resurrected by other dragons. Delphine suspects that the Thalmor might be bringing dragons back for some sinister purpose. Her contact, Malborn, smuggled some of my equipment into the Thalmor ambassador's manor. I infiltrated the manor posing as a guest at the ambassador's party. Now I need to search the ambassador's office to find out what the Thalmor know about the dragons.
Objective 55: (Optional) Retrieve your gear
Objective 60: Search for information about the dragons returning
160	
Objective 60: Search for information about the dragons returning
170	
Objective 60: Search for information about the dragons returning
190	
Objective 70: Search the torture chamber
210	It seems that things are worse than even Delphine thought. Dragons aren't just coming back to life, they're being resurrected by other dragons. Delphine suspects that the Thalmor might be bringing dragons back for some sinister purpose. With the help of her contact, Malborn, I infiltrated the manor posing as a guest at the ambassador's party. I've now learned that the Thalmor are just as in the dark as we are - in fact, they're searching Riften for a Blade named Esbern, who they believe knows what the return of the dragons means.
Objective 80: Escape the Thalmor Embassy
230	
Objective 90: Talk to Delphine
250	It seems that things are worse than even Delphine thought. Dragons aren't just coming back to life, they're being resurrected by other dragons. Delphine suspects that the Thalmor might be bringing dragons back for some sinister purpose. With the help of her contact, Malborn, I infiltrated the manor posing as a guest at the ambassador's party. I learned that the Thalmor are just as in the dark as we are - in fact, they're searching Riften for a Blade named Esbern, who they believe knows what the return of the dragons means.
Quest complete
255	
Quest complete



**XX**

Journal:


Objective **xx**:


----


**XX**

Journal:


Objective **xx**:


----


**XX**

Journal:


Objective **xx**: