# A Cornered Rat

* https://elderscrolls.fandom.com/wiki/A_Cornered_Rat


**10**

Journal: _I delivered the diaries I took inside the embasy to Delphine. She discovered Esbern is hidden in Riften. Delphine says is an expert on ancient dragon lore, so he is our best hope on solving the Dragon problem._ 

Objective **10**: Talk to Brynjolf

----


**20**

Journal: _I delivered the diaries I took inside the embasy to Delphine. She discovered Esbern is hidden in Riften. Delphine says is an expert on ancient dragon lore, so he is our best hope on solving the Dragon problem._

Objective **20**: Search the Ratway for Esbern's hideout

----


**50**

Journal: _I delivered the diaries I took inside the embasy to Delphine. She discovered Esbern is hidden in Riften. Delphine says is an expert on ancient dragon lore, so he is our best hope on solving the Dragon problem. I've learned that he's hiding out in the Ratway Warrens in Riften._

Objective **30**: Find Esbern in the Ratway Warrens

----


**150**

Journal: _I delivered the diaries I took inside the embasy to Delphine. She discovered Esbern is hidden in Riften. Delphine says is an expert on ancient dragon lore, so he is our best hope on solving the Dragon problem. I've learned that he's hiding out in the Ratway Warrens in Riften. I found Esbern hiding in the Ratway in Riften, and convinced him to let me in to explain myself._

Objective **40**: Talk to Esbern

----


**180**

Journal: _I delivered the diaries I took inside the embasy to Delphine. She discovered Esbern is hidden in Riften. Delphine says is an expert on ancient dragon lore, so he is our best hope on solving the Dragon problem. I've learned that he's hiding out in the Ratway Warrens in Riften. I found Esbern hiding in the Ratway in Riften, and convinced him to let me in to explain myself._

Objective: Quest complete



