# The Fallen

* https://elderscrolls.fandom.com/wiki/The_Fallen


**10**

Journal: After I defeated Alduin on the top of the Throat of the World, he fled from me. I need to locate his lair so I can finish him off, once and for all.

Objective **10**: Talk to Paarthurnax
Objective **11**: Talk to Arngeir
Objective **12**: Talk to Esbern


----


**25**

Journal: After I defeated Alduin on the top of the Throat of the World, he fled from me. One of his dragon allies may be able to tell me where he's gone. I've learned that Dragonsreach, the Jarl's palace in Whiterun, was once used to imprison a dragon. I need to persuade the Jarl of Whiterun to help me trap a dragon in Dragonsreach.

Objective **20**: Talk to the Jarl of Whiterun


----


**30**

Journal: After I defeated Alduin on the top of the Throat of the World, he fled from me. One of his dragon allies may be able to tell me where he's gone. I've learned that Dragonsreach, the Jarl's palace in Whiterun, was once used to imprison a dragon. If I can arrange a truce in the civil war, the Jarl of Whiterun has agreed to help me trap a dragon in Dragonsreach. Then I can interrogate the dragon and learn the location of Alduin's lair so I can finish him off, once and for all.

Objective **25**: Get Greybeards' help in negotiating a truce

----


**50**

Journal: After I defeated Alduin on the top of the Throat of the World, he fled from me. One of his dragon allies may be able to tell me where he's gone. The Jarl of Whiterun has agreed to help me trap a dragon in Dragonsreach. Now I need some way to lure a dragon into the trap. Esbern or Paarthurnax might be able to help.

Journal: After I defeated Alduin on the top of the Throat of the World, he fled from me. One of his dragon allies may be able to tell me where he's gone. The Jarl of Whiterun has agreed to help me trap a dragon in Dragonsreach. Then I can interrogate the dragon and learn the location of Alduin's lair so I can finish him off, once and for all.

Objective **30**: Learn Shout to call Odahviing

----


**70** 

Journal: After I defeated Alduin on the top of the Throat of the World, he fled from me. One of his dragon allies may be able to tell me where he's gone. The Jarl of Whiterun has agreed to help me trap a dragon in Dragonsreach. I've learned a Shout which is the name of one of Alduin's allies, which should serve to bring him to the Dragonsreach courtyard so I can trap him there. Then I can interrogate the dragon and learn the location of Alduin's lair so I can finish him off, once and for all.


Objective **40**: Prepare trap for Odahviing

----


**120** 

Journal: After I defeated Alduin on the top of the Throat of the World, he fled from me. One of his dragon allies may be able to tell me where he's gone. The Jarl of Whiterun has agreed to help me trap a dragon in Dragonsreach. I've learned a Shout which is the name of one of Alduin's allies, which should serve to bring him to the Dragonsreach courtyard so I can trap him there. Then I can interrogate the dragon and learn the location of Alduin's lair so I can finish him off, once and for all.


Objective **50**: Call Odahviing to Dragonsreach

----


**150** 

Journal: After I defeated Alduin on the top of the Throat of the World, he fled from me. One of his dragon allies may be able to tell me where he's gone. The Jarl of Whiterun has agreed to help me trap a dragon in Dragonsreach. I've learned a Shout which is the name of one of Alduin's allies, which should serve to bring him to the Dragonsreach courtyard so I can trap him there. Then I can interrogate the dragon and learn the location of Alduin's lair so I can finish him off, once and for all.


Objective **60**: Defeat and trap Odahviing

----


**200** 

Journal: After I defeated Alduin on the top of the Throat of the World, he fled from me. One of his dragon allies may be able to tell me where he's gone. With the help of the Jarl of Whiterun, I've trapped the dragon Odahviing in Dragonsreach. Now to interrogate Odahviing and learn the location of Alduin's lair so I can finish him off, once and for all.


Objective **40**: Interrogate Odahviing

----

**220**

Journal: After I defeated Alduin on the top of the Throat of the World, he fled from me. One of his dragon allies may be able to tell me where he's gone. With the help of the Jarl of Whiterun, I've trapped the dragon Odahviing in Dragonsreach. Odahviing revealed that Alduin's lair is located in the ancient temple of Skuldafn, which is only accessible by air. Odahviing has offered to take me there, in return for his freedom.


Objective: Quest complete







